#onyxstart1
Onyx:Check it out, I got da new sw33t d3ck
Onyx:16Megs of RAM, feels good man
:Daaaang, how do I know how much I got?
Onyx:info host

#onyxstart2
Onyx:I gotta take this baby for her maiden voyage
Onyx:Gonna stick it to the meanies - link it up to SenseNet
:I wanna come after you, watch the fireworks
Onyx:Come along, then.
:How do I do that
Onyx:You gotta lot to learn. Same way you connect to CogDis of course:
Onyx:connect <host>. In this case, SenseNet

#onyxsensenet1
:Alright, I'm in, go go go
Onyx:Oh yeah, you can say that again! Watch the files with "list files"
Onyx:See those reports?

#onyxsensenet2
:Yeah, I see 'em: firstQuarter.doc, what about them?
Onyx:Check again!
Onyx:Sw33t J3sus this thing goes like there's no stopping it!

#onyxsensenet3
:Somebody probs spent hours writing those! You can just delete them?
Onyx:I can and I did!
:...
Onyx:Oh crap.
:what now?
Onyx:They found out about me! Got me in a sandbox, I can't even bail out!
Onyx:You gotta get me out! Delete the lock file they got on me!
:I dunno, seems to me like you deserve this.
Onyx:Alright, alright I'm sorry!
Onyx:I'm not gonna be an ass to the poor w4g3sl4v3s again, I promise! Just delete the file!
:Heh, I just love to hear you grovel like that :)

#onyxsensenet4
Onyx:That did it.
Onyx:Right, I'm blasting the logs and then we ditch this joint. d/c with disconnect

#onyxsensenet5
Onyx:Whadda ya know, these megacorps gotta have better security than I thought
Onyx:I mean it takes some mean shit to stop this new baby
Anonymous:That Onyx kid got it backwards.
Anonymous:Ain't the hardware what makes you into the hottest cat on the block
Anonymous:It's the headware. Got lucky today, but we're watching you. Both of you.
Onyx:...
Onyx:You got that too?
:Yeah. What do we do now?
Onyx:Oh sh1t oh sh1t oh sh1t
Onyx:Ok ok ok I got this
Onyx:You go and find v0rt3x at cogdis. See if he's there with list users
Onyx:message him, he'll know what to do
Onyx:(you do that with "message <user>", you got this figured out, right?)
Onyx:I'm gonna
Onyx:I'm gonna
System:Onyx has disconnected

#vortex1
:Hey.
v0rt3x:hi
:we got some trouble. Onyx got a new deck today.
:took it out to SenseNet and got ICE'd
:They got us traced and now they're "watching"
v0rt3x:And the first thing you do is come here?!
v0rt3x:d/c now! ttyl

#vortex2
v0rt3x:What is it you want from me?
:Onyx said to look for you then jacked out
v0rt3x:That hothead. That way you just give them more time to physloc you.
v0rt3x:You gotta get rid of the logs
:Onyx already did that
v0rt3x:SenseNet don't do their own ICE. It'll come from somewhere up the corporate chain
v0rt3x:First we gotta know where from.
v0rt3x:You better get back there and find out
:How do I do that?
v0rt3x:Am I your daddy? Use help if you're stuck

#vortex3
:This is what I got: SenseNet's ICE is by a corp called InSec
:but I can't get in there cuz of password wall
v0rt3x:Well the SenseNet guys gotta have an account there
v0rt3x:I'll betcha they have it saved somewhere on that server of theirs
v0rt3x:copy the data over and we'll have a look at it
v0rt3x:message me when you got it

#vortex4
:I think I got the file, but it's just gibberish
v0rt3x:I didn't expect it to be plaintext. I'm sending you a decrypter
System:File received: decrypt.exe
v0rt3x:open it and you get the decrypt command
v0rt3x:I should warn you:
v0rt3x:I'm your friend'n'all but you shouldn't just go around and open all the files you find
v0rt3x:There could be some mean sh1t in there
v0rt3x:When you got the info, get over to inSec and get all that they have on you

#systemname
System:Loginname is now "fall1ble", was "admin"

#sec1
sec0451:How did you get this login information?
:you think SenseNet can keep that shit secret?
sec0451:So you were involved in the SenseNet incident?
sec0451:My records indicate that the primary culprit is already in custody.
:You mean Onyx?
sec0451:That was his screen name, yes. I think we may want to keep you here
sec0451:while we run the trace program

#sec2
:so...
:how's that trace comin'
sec0451:only a few nodes left...

#vortex5
:I got rid of the logfiles but they got me ICE'd over here at InSec
:You got any more clever tools?
v0rt3x:nothing I can do for you from here
v0rt3x:but if I jack it up in there, I'm only getting myself in trouble, too
v0rt3x:sorry kid, but you're on your own
v0rt3x:but while you're in there, you might wanna look for hidden files
v0rt3x:that shit's always useful
v0rt3x:of course, only in case you get out

#sec3
:so...
:how about that pr0n?
sec0451:what?
:you know, the stuff you've been watching
:while you were SUPPOSED to be watching SenseNet
:that's why you let a third rate cat like Onyx manage to burn those records
sec0451:how...
sec0451:how do you know that?
:Who did you think you were messing with?
sec0451:I admit, it would be bad if my superiors saw that...
sec0451:but you'll be locked up in about ... uh ... 30 seconds
:your superiors? You mean this guy SysAdmin?
:yeah I already got it typed out:
:"message SysAdmin"
:wanna make me press enter?
sec0451:...
System: Linklock has been lifted
System: sec0451 has disconnected

#vortex6
v0rt3x: You actually got out?!
:That security b1tch didn't even know what hit him
v0rt3x:dam g1rl, you really are the hottest cat on the block

